{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12460\viewh16580\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 SETTING UP THE tribaldb
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Configuring Options\
{\listtext	2.	}Installing and activating the Revolution Slider for the home page\
{\listtext	3.	}Adding a parallax header image to a page\
{\listtext	4.	}Adding a parallax background section to a page\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\cf0 1.  Configuring Options\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Customize your theme with a few items that are required to get your theme up and running.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Go to \'91Appearance > Customize\'92 and confirm that your site name and tagline are correct (you may need to add a tagline to replace the generic one provided by WordPress).\
{\listtext	3.	}You will have the option to customize other features such as header background images, layout settings, social links, etc. at \'93Appearance > Current Theme Options\'94.\
{\listtext	4.	}In order for the navigation to work you\'92ll need to go set it up within the WordPress administration. There are two menus used in the UMC theme, the top and bottom menus. Both are required to be setup in order for the theme to function properly.\
{\listtext	5.	}Go to \'91Appearance > Menus\'92 and click on the option to \'93create a new menu\'94. It may make sense to name this first menu \'91Top Menu\'92 or \'91Main Navigation\'92. After you\'92ve clicked the Create Menu button you\'92ll see an option to select a theme location. Click the checkbox titled, \'91Primary Menu\'92, and then click the \'93Save Menu\'94 button.\
{\listtext	6.	}Repeat this step for the bottom or footer menu, naming it something logical like \'91Bottom Menu\'92 or \'91Footer Menu\'92. Be sure to click the checkbox for \'91Footer Menu\'92 this time.\
{\listtext	7.	}At this point it\'92s assumed you have a working knowledge of how to build out your menu within WordPress. As you start adding pages and posts you can add those pages into your menu hierarchy.\
{\listtext	8.	}Activate your plugins and start creating content.\
{\listtext	9.	}The plugins package provided by UMC are only suggested plugins and not necessary for the theme to function, however they greatly enhance the capabilities of the theme and the variety of display options. The supported Utah plugins are all titled, \'93Utah - \{ plugin name \}\'94.\
{\listtext	10.	}To really utilize the Tribal Database plugins' capabilities it is necessary to install and activate the \'93Custom sidebars\'94 plugin. Custom sidebars allows you to create as many widget area as you want and to include a widget on a single page/post, or categories, etc. The UMC Theme supports 5 widget areas that are automatically included on each page. You\'92ll need to setup and configure these sidebar areas.\
{\listtext	11.	}Activate the Custom sidebars plugin by first, making sure you have placed it in your \'91/wp-content/plugins\'92 directory, and then going to \'91Plugins\'92 in the WordPress admin. Go ahead and activate the plugin.\
{\listtext	12.	}You\'92ll need to configure the custom sidebars widget by going to \'93Appearance > Custom Sidebars\'94.\
{\listtext	13.	}You\'92ll need to select which sidebars are available for substitution. You\'92ll see a list in the top-left of the page that allows you to select different sidebar areas. Select the following four options:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Sidebar\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'a0Above Column Widgets\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'a0Below Post Widgets\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'a0Above Post Widgets
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
2.  Installing and activating the Revolution Slider for the home page\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In the wp-admin go to the Plugins section. In here, make sure that you have the \'93Revolution Slider\'94 plugin activated. If you don\'92t see the plugin, look inside the setup folder we have provided and copy and paste this into your /wp-content/plugins directory\
{\listtext	2.	}Once activated, go to the new \'93Revolution Slider\'94 section in the wp-admin.\
{\listtext	3.	}Import the home page header slider template by clicking on the \'93Import Slider\'94 button (green and to the right after the list of sliders). Search for the home page header slider template by looking inside the setup folder inside the tribaldb folder. Select the home_header_slider.zip file and click \'93Import Slider\'94. (You do want to overwrite any custom styles).\
{\listtext	4.	}Once the home page header slider is uploaded, click on the title to go to the slider settings page. It is best to not change any of these options unless you know what you are doing.\
{\listtext	5.	}From here, edit the individual slides by clicking on the \'93Edit Slides\'94 button (blue button at the bottom of the main slider setting section).\
{\listtext	6.	}You will see a list of slides. These are sample/template slides. Click \'93Edit Slide\'94. \
{\listtext	7.	}There are only a couple things you need to change in order to get your slide setup. Once you have it how you would like, click \'93Update Slide\'94 at the bottom or the green cycle icon on the right side. To preview, click the magnify glass icon.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b To change the background image
\b0 , select the \'93Change Image\'94 button in the Slider Main Image / Background section. To accommodate large computer screens, the best size of image to upload is 1920 px wide by 1080 px high. Save this image at the lowest compression possible to keep file size down.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b To change the title text
\b0 , under the Layers Timing  & Sorting select layer 1. Change the text inside the Layer Content Section. Same idea for the subtitle. Once again, do not change anything else unless you know what you are doing.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b To change the position of the header title or subtile
\b0  simply drag to the position you would like.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b To change the style of the text
\b0 , select one of the four option in the style drop down. \'93left-bar\'94 means that the text will have the background bar extend all the way to the left of the screen. Same idea for the right, only to the right. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b If you wanted a left and right bar
\b0 , you need to select \'93Add Layer\'94 at the bottom of the slide, select the appropriate style for that layer and position appropriately.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	8.	}To add this slideshow to the home page, go to Appearance>Current Theme Options. Under General Options, select \'91Home Page\'92 to include the revolution slider on the home page. NOTE: The Slider Alias must be \'93home_header_slider\'94 for this to work.\
{\listtext	9.	}That\'92s it! You\'92ve got the Revolution Slider setup for the home page.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 3.  Adding a parallax header image to a page\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Go to the page you would like to add a parallax header image. In the \'93Parallax Header Image URL\'94 upload the image you would like to use. This image needs to be 1920px wide by 1080px high. Please optimize this image as much as possible for faster site performance.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 4.  Adding a parallax background section to a page\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}This only works on a page that is using the \'93default\'94 page template, which is a full-width page template.\
{\listtext	2.	}Go to the plugins section and make sure the \'93Parallax Scroll by Adamrob.co.uk\'94 is activated. If not, you can find the plugin in the mu-plugins folder in the tribaldb folder. Copy and paste this plugin into the wp-content/plugins folder and activate it.\
{\listtext	3.	}Go to the new \'93Parallax Scroll\'94 section. Click on \'93Add New\'94\
{\listtext	4.	}To add the Parallax Scroll background image, you will add it via the featured image. (i.e. the featured image will be your background image)\
{\listtext	5.	}Inside the editor you can add whatever content you would like.\
{\listtext	6.	}For options, you can set a specific height (in px). Make sure to select the Full Width option. The rest don\'92t change unless you know what you\'92re doing.\
{\listtext	7.	}Select \'93Publish\'94 when you are done.\
{\listtext	8.	}Go back to the main \'93Parallax Scroll\'94 section by clicking on it again.\
{\listtext	9.	}Copy the shortcake you are given and add this inside the editor of the page you would like to add it to.\
{\listtext	10.	}Publish that page and voila! That parallax scroll section has been added  to your page.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
}